This thing is two thousand-year-old wild ginseng in Changbai Mountain
Changbai Mountain Millennium Wild Ginseng
Two in a lifetime
Even one is hard to find.
A night pearl of meteorite diamonds
Ouch, this night pearl of meteorite diamonds is amazing.
It is said that this is the only one in the world
The person who got it
Can you get lucky?
One jadeite cabbage
My God, this is more dazzling than the treasure of the town hall at the Mansion Museum
A ruby
This is too exaggerated
This is the eye of power that was once embedded in the scepter of the pharaoh
Symbolizes supreme power
Soul Pill is also available
The single-meter-one adult who has the effect of bringing back the dead is really good.
Even this kind of treasure is willing to take it out as a dowry
Millennium ginseng
Night Pearl Jade Cabbage
scepter gem
These originally belonged to me, Gu Shichen
God, what kind of wealth have I missed?
These dowries are worldly treasures
But not as valuable as all this. Wow.
These already dowries
It's been breathtaking.
The last dowry
Or what kind of existence?
This known dowry
Which one is put up for auction is a sky-high price.
Isn't this last one going to be heaven-defying?
But you need to open it yourself, Master Chen.
Mr. Chen, please open it
Husband
I am a disabled person and do not deserve to be the father of the empress
So this empress's order
I can't help but